# SpreeChannable

Channable offers many ways to transform a product feed to many marketplace formats. On top channable offers an order connection to accept incoming orders from connected marketplaces. This gem connects your spree store to the channable platform. The feeds are configurable and can be directly loaded into channable. 
The order connection can be enabled by channable on request and can be easily configured through the spree admin panel. 

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:
  ```ruby
  gem 'spree_channable', github: '[your-github-handle]/spree_channable'
  ```

2. Install the gem using Bundler:
  ```ruby
  bundle install
  ```

3. Copy & run migrations
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails g spree_channable:install
  ```

4. Schedule order imports

Schedule the `SpreeChannable::OrderImportJob.perform_later` to run every `SpreeChannable.configuration.polling_interval` minutes.
By default whenever is included, the script will attempt to execute the whenever cronjob builder after the polling interval is updated.   

5. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

  

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_channable/factories'
```


## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please take a look at the
[instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md) for installing dependencies and crafting a good
pull request.

Copyright (c) 2019 Fabian Oudhaarlem, released under the New BSD License
